(DOCSP-14622): Limitations - Android SDK (#897)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/android/fundamentals/object-models-and-schemas.txt

   :ref:`Usage Example: Omit Classes from your Realm Schema <android-omit-classes-from-schema>`

.. _android-realm-object-limitations:

Realm Object Limitations
------------------------

> {+service-short+} objects are subject to a few limitations:

Reviewer: To be fair, this is more than "a few".

Author: Can you suggest a better introduction? I also agree it is more than a few but decided that "mad limitations" wasn't style-guide approved 😄

> - cannot contain fields that use the ``final`` or ``volatile`` modifiers.

Reviewer 2: This is no longer strictly true, e.g. backlink fields marked with `@LinkingObjects` are required to be `final`. But Maybe that distinction isn't worth making here.

Author: I think backlink fields are the only counter-example, so i'll actually add a mention of that so users don't think we're contradicting ourselves. Thanks!

> - {+service-short+} objects cannot contain fields that use the

Reviewer: This list is repeating "Realm objects" a lot. Can it be reworked to just get the main points across? Perhaps break up by limitations on "objects", "object class names", and "object fields" (i.e. object fields cannot be marked volatile...).

Author: I was thinking the same thing, and honestly got lazy with this. Will rework into groups like you suggest.

- cannot extend any object other than ``RealmObject``.

> - must contain an empty constructor.

Reviewer 2: This is only true if it also contains a custom constructor with arguments. Otherwise, the Java compiler will automatically generate the empty constructor we use. But again, this might be details not worth going into here?

Author: A generous reading would say that the automatically generated constructor is still contained in the class, just implicitly. But I will also add a callout to this idea.

Reviewer 2: Yup, agree. But someone new to the Java programming language would not know that.

- {+service-short+} objects must contain an empty constructor.

- {+service-short+} object class names cannot exceed 57 characters.

- {+service-short+} object field names cannot exceed 63 characters.

- No two {+service-short+} objects in a single
  :ref:`realm module <android-modules>` can share the same
  name.

- ``String`` or ``byte[]`` fields cannot exceed 16 MB.

- Because {+service-short+} objects are live and can change at any time,
  their ``hashCode()`` value can change over time. As a result, you
  should not use ``RealmObject`` instances as a key in any map or set.

Incremental Builds
------------------

> The bytecode transformer used by realm supports incremental builds, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bytecode transformer used by {+service-short+} supports incremental builds, but
```

Author: hoisted on his own petard

some cases require a full rebuild:

- adding or removing an ``@Ignore`` annotation from a {+service-short+}
  object field

- adding or removing the ``static`` keyword from a {+service-short+}
  object field

> - adding or removing the ``transient`` keyword from a {+service-short+}

Reviewer: Again, this list repeats "adding or removing" a lot. Can that be moved to the header?

Author: Also moved "from a Realm object field"
